<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head lang="en">
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <title>BRMC Bulletin: April 2017</title>
  <style>
  @import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Montserrat|Assistant');
  @media (max-width:799px) {
    body {
      width: 90%;
      margin-left: auto;
      margin-right: auto;
    }
  }
  @media (min-width:800px) {
    body {
      width: 700px;
      margin-left: auto;
      margin-right: auto;
    }
  }
  h1{
    color: purple;
    font-size: 200%;
    font-family: "Montserrat", "Arial Black", sans-serif;
    font-weight: 700;
    margin-bottom: 0px;
    padding-bottom: 0px;
  }
  h2 {
    color: purple;
    font-size: 150%;
    font-family: "Montserrat", "Arial Black", sans-serif;
    font-weight: 700;
    margin-bottom: 0px;
    padding-bottom: 0px;
  }
  h3 {
    color: black;
    font-size: 100%;
    font-family: "Montserrat", "Arial Black", sans-serif;
    font-weight: 700;
    margin-bottom: 0px;
    padding-bottom: 0px;
  }
  p {
    color: black;
    font-size: 100%;
    font-family: "Assistant", "Palatino Linotype", "Palatino", serif;
  }
  ul {
    color: black;
    font-size: 100%;
    font-family: "Assistant", "Arial", "Lucida Sans Unicode", "Lucida Grande", sans-serif;
    list-style-type: disc;
  }
  table {
      display: table;
      border-collapse: collapse;
      width: 100%;
      font-size: 110%;
      font-family: "Assistant", "Arial", sans-serif;
      font-weight: 300;
  }
  th,td {
    padding: 2px;
    text-align: left;
  }
  tr:hover {background-color: #ffffd8}
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <div style="text-align:justify">
    <h1>Welcome to the BRMC Bulletin</h1>
    <p>Here&#39;s your April club news update.</p>

  <h2>Subs/Membership Fees</h2>
  <p>Thanks to all who have paid.
    The BMC return has been submitted.
    You should all have received your BMC Summit Magazine by now. If you haven&#39;t  &#45; check with <a href="mailto:secretary@brmc-adventure.org.uk">Paul</a> that we&#39;ve got the right address for you.

  <h2>Pub Meets</h2>
  <p>As usual, these are on the 1st and 3rd Wednesdays of each month, at the Cross in Finstall from 8.30pm.
    The remaining dates for April are:</p>
  <ul>
    <li>Wednesday 19 April</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Thanks to Dave and Ken for the Cogne Talk at the last pub meet and the talk of plans for the Club trip to Cogne in January 2018&hellip;watch this space for more information later in the year.</p>

  <h2>Hut Meets</h2>
  <p>We had two hut meets in March&#58;</p>
  <h3>17-19 March: Hut Maintenance Weekend</h3>
  <p>8 of us spent the weekend up at the hut and, in between pub visits (the hut kitchen was out of order as it was our work site&hellip;well that&#39;s our excuse), we managed to get a number of jobs done.
  The list included re-painting, damp treatment, varnishing and starting to transform the space outside the front of the hut to name just a few of the jobs.</p>
  <p>Thanks to everyone who made it!</p>

  <h3>24-26 March 2017: New Members&#39; Weekend</h3>
  <p>13 of us made it to the hut. The weather couldn&#39;t have been better.
  Three groups went out on the Saturday&#58; Walkers, Climbers and the third group a combination of walking and scrambling  &#45; I believe that an ice axe was even used at one point!
  Most were up before 7am and the majority of people were out by 8.30am!
  That must be a first for the Club!</p>
  <p>Annelyse cooked an amazing communal meal (no surprise there) that evening.</p>
  <p>Unfortunately the members weren&#39;t as sprightly the following morning&hellip;most of us getting up around 8.30am. However, we made the most of the weather.
  Some went walking and others of us headed up to the Upper Tier to get some more climbing in.
  What a great start to the year!</p>
  <p>The next meet is 28 to 30 April at the Hut.
  See you there!</p>

  <h2>Wall Calls</h2>
  <p>If you have any wall calls, feel free to post them on Facebook and the Forum.</p>

  <h2>Committee Meet</h2>
  <p>The next Committee Meet is yet to be arranged.
  However, as usual, if you have anything you would like the Committee to discuss, please drop any of us a line.
  We&#39;re always keen to hear from the membership as to ideas, thoughts, concerns, feedback and suggestions.
  It&#39;s your club and it&#39;s up to the Committee to do the best we can for the membership.</p>

  <h2>Hut Sub-Committee</h2>
  <p>The Hut-Sub Committee will be having its first meet of the year on Tuesday 14 March 2017. If you have anything to raise with the Hut Sub-Committee, please contact <a href="mailto:chair@brmc-adventure.org.uk">Dave</a> or <a href="mailto:hut@brmc-adventure.org.uk">Mike</a> so it can be added to the agenda.</p>

  <h2>And Finally</h2>
  <p>The outdoor climbing season is now upon us!
    If anyone wants to head out for a day or weekend, put a post on Facebook and on the Forum!
    We can always send an e-mail out to the membership as well!</p>
  <p>- The Committee</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
